well howdy there internet people Isabeau
again you know you don't get an
education you're gonna end up digging
ditches or working as a waitress
you ever heard something like that might
even said something like that I did
taught about it very dangerous idea a
very dangerous concept in a
representative democracy it reinforces
the class ideas you think about it does
that statement teach you to value
education or does it teach you to
devalue labor there's this theme this
idea in the United States that if you're
working a blue collar no collar job and
got your name on your shirt that you've
done something wrong that you've made a
mistake you're not living the American
dream
and that if you're in that situation
well maybe you should just leave the
decision-making to your betters that
concept gets more dangerous when we
start confusing education and what it
means education doesn't mean education
anymore the device you're watching this
on it has access to the entire
collection of human knowledge education
doesn't have to take place in a
classroom education doesn't have to take
place in a building it can take place
anywhere and despite the best efforts of
those on the ground teaching in
classrooms the public education system
isn't what it used to be most times when
people say get an education what they
really mean is get credentialing and
when you confuse the two
man that gets dangerous because what
does it mean you follow it out if
education means credentialing and
credentialing does have to come through
an institution who gets it
those people with money who gets the
best credentialing those people with the
most money who gets into positions of
power those people with the most money
to represent it to democracy who do they
represent not you they represent
themselves and then we're all surprised
when they pass legislation you know
given themselves tax breaks for their
second yacht and get rid of yours
the education system probably needs a
revolution in this country but that's
beside the point
the point is the educators that are in
the classroom through no fault of their
own are having their decisions made by
people few hundred miles away in the
state capitol there are thousands of
miles away in DC most of whom to have no
idea what it takes to teach because it
isn't a representative democracy and we
see that now with a lot of the the
Maverick Congress people that are coming
up oh well she was just a waitress well
I think we all watched just a waitress
school Congress on ethics pretty
impressive you haven't seen it you need
to watch it say we need more waitresses
less millionaires more welders less
lobbyists more scientists less CEOs more
teachers and less lawyers we're gonna
have a representative democracy let's
make it representative
let's create a system where you actually
have something in common
with the person governing your life the
idea of a representative democracy isn't
just that you have someone there to
represent to you it's that there's
something like you and we don't have
that anymore they're taking care of
their own and they're leaving us out in
the cold anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night